so i'm actually upset i don't want to be
vegan
because it rots the brain it rots your
teeth it makes your hair fall out
and makes you delusional
[Music]
you remember the old days before the
terms of service here on youtube
removed this charming habit people had
of threatening to kick each other's ass
do you remember the old days people used
to give each other challenges on youtube
people used to even
call each other out to meet for a cage
match or a boxing match
could i meet up with nicoto avocado
to have a brain damage contest could we
meet up
and get mri scans done for who in fact
has more brain do you think do you think
youtube's terms of service
can i even get away with saying this
with proposing this idea
i am upset you guys i am supposed to be
vegan
and i can't and i don't know why the
clapping
the clapping hands that's why i hold the
microphone in one hand so i won't be
tempted to
do the slow the slow clap there's like a
2016 reference
and i understand that i'm gaining weight
and i also don't know why can you see me
we're gonna turn this on i'm about to
order some chicken i'm eating
chicken because i am not going to be
vegan
i don't want to be vegan i can't be
vegan because i know that it rots the
brain
i know because i lived it i don't even
know what i was thinking i don't know
what orton is thinking he's like
oh oh you need to go be uh excuse me
you want my brain to ride you want me to
lose my intelligences
i don't think so i'm gonna get some
whatever i feel like eating because that
is what i can do in a free country
i know the chickens have feelings i
don't want to be vegan
because it rots the brain it rots your
teeth it makes your hair fall out
it makes you delusional it makes you
susceptible
to cult-like behaviors
that's right he can't be vegan
because it rots the brain
all of you those of you who are vegan
those of you eat bacon for breakfast
whoever you are in the audience i would
challenge you
to make the time at some point to look
at the relationship between cholesterol
and brain function it's really sad
it's really scary but the truth is
having
more than zero cholesterol in your diet
impairs brain function
and the only diet the only diet that's
zero cholesterol happens to be
a vegan diet unless you're you're vegan
wraps eat honey
honey doesn't contain cholesterol as far
as i know okay
you're vegan but you look and you know
let's keep it real the ethical
mandate for veganism goes beyond diet
goes beyond health
i remember i walked into a shop this is
a couple years ago
looking at a gift from my daughter it
was a really cute
really aesthetically appealing uh toy
sheep like a cuddly doll
of a sheep and i asked the woman she
doesn't i said look i'm sorry to bother
you but i have to ask
the wool on this sheep is it actual
sheep's
wool or is it cotton or is it you know
nylon you know is it artificial material
and she says to me proudly that this
toy is made of 100 natural lambswool
and of course lamb skin you know leather
taken from a dead it's like
you're you're killing an animal to
produce a cute
cuddly companion that resembles that ant
it's not going to impact your health
right i mean owning a wool
toy is not going to be but the ethical
mandate goes way beyond diet goes way
beyond health
but just staying on this issue nicotto
avocado
claims he can't be vegan because a vegan
diet
will rot his brain i'm not gloating
i'm not glad about it the sad scary fact
is
if your diet has more than zero
cholesterol it is
impairing your brain function it's not
just the most extreme
form of impairment which is alzheimer's
disease it's not just when it gets to
that point
long before that i mean this is
something it's not a binary it's not
like
either you've got aids or you don't
either you've got malaria
or you don't if you have cholesterol in
your diet
it is impairing the function of your
brain
unless you're in this tiny minority of
the population
who has a genetic anomaly that makes
them immune
to dietary cholesterol there is also a
very common
genetic anomaly called
hypercholesterolemia and those are
people who will have
high cholesterol no matter what they eat
in their diet whether they
have a vegan diet or not with that
footnote aside
it's a sad strange irony that nicotto is
telling you that a vegan diet
will rot his brain when as it just so
happens we know
it is a high cholesterol diet like the
one he's on that will really impair your
brain function
i know because i lived it i don't even
know what i was thinking i don't know
what we're listening
you need to go excuse me you want that
brain to ride you want
i get comments like because i post some
things on my instagram to advertise some
things i do on the side
my business my child watches you she's
in sixth grade what i'm like
well excuse me little miss be a better
parent
why is your sixth grader watching me
what possessed you to think
that they should have complete access to
the internet without supervision and if
you were aware of me and you followed me
too
daughter and mother it didn't occur to
you mother hey
my ten-year-old shouldn't watch nicotine
i mean
really people like to disrespect my crew
but the fact is that you know my name
and i don't know you